README.md, before:

# (◉ ͜ʖ◉))ﾉ彡 NODE JS CURSUS ✧٩(•́⌄•́๑)

> FUll learning path to NODE JS

### Index

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Branches](#branches)
- [Achievements](#achievements)
- [Collaboration](#collaboration)
- [Timeline of my reconversion](#timeline-of-my-reconversion)

---

### Description

> Start 10-01-2021

This project aims to study NODEjs and everything related to it: database, REST API, GRAPHQL, authentication, sessions, cookies, CRUD, MVC, Template engine and many others.
This is done through a simple e-shop project.
A Git branch has been created for each theme of the path in order to be able to observe the evolution of the project or simply choose the part that may be of interest to you.

---

### Installation

> Step by step

To Be Done

---

### Branches

> Discover project & code evolution by subject

- feature/2-Express :
  Create an application's skelethon
- feature/3-Template-Engine :
  Use EJS as tempalte engine to create dynamic HTML pages
- feature/4-MVC :
  Explore model-view-controller to create a better structure for your application
- feature/5-Enhancing-App :
  First refactor of your app
- feature/6-Dynamic-Routing :
  Create dynamic routing for your e-shop
- feature/7-SQL :
  Integrate SQL database, using first MySQL than convert with Sequelize ORM
- feature/8-Mongo_DB :
  Convert your application in a no-SQL project with MongoDB
- feature/9-Mongoose :
  Make use of MongoDB easier with Mongoose ODM (Object-Document Mapping) library

---

### Achievements

Explore the possibilities of Node js through a concrete e-shop project, including:

- Application management and routing with Express
- CRUD with MySQL database and Sequelize ORM
- CRUD with MongoDB nosql-database and Mongoose ODM
- Work with nested objects and refs with MongoDB & Mongoose
- (...)

---

### Collaboration

Hello, I'm [Nicolas](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicolas-denoel/), a computer science enthusiast who is in the middle of his reconversion as a developer.

After 15 years in the commercial sector as a manager and director, I decided to put this career on hold to devote myself fully to development.

Positive spirit, with an unquenchable thirst for learning, committed and structured, I like to take up challenges and always progress by giving the best of myself.
If you have a project, no matter how big or small, don't hesitate to share it, we always have to win by doing things alongside others.

After an intensive 7 month bootcamp at Becode where I was able to acquire the superpowers of a junior developer and an internship with the awesome team of [ØPP](http://opp.mx).
[ØPP](http://opp.mx) is a publisher of digital solutions (websites, applications, connected objects...) specialised in engagement techniques and gaming.

Now I am back on my study bench and I take advantage of each day that passes to refine, complete and increase my knowledge in order to find my next work team.

See you soon ! :heart:

### Timeline of my reconversion

[:calendar: Discover the great timeline of my adventure to become a developer. Want to write your company's name on it ? Let's meet !](https://timelines.gitkraken.com/timeline/2e12cc334eb0406b84bf7a6339e666c4?range=2020-05-26_2020-06-27)

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

Commit message:

Cookies and Sessions using express-session / connect-mongodb-session

README.md, after:

# (◉ ͜ʖ◉))ﾉ彡 NODE JS CURSUS ✧٩(•́⌄•́๑)

> FUll learning path to NODE JS

### Index

- [Description](#description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Branches](#branches)
- [Achievements](#achievements)
- [Collaboration](#collaboration)
- [Timeline of my reconversion](#timeline-of-my-reconversion)

---

### Description

> Start 10-01-2021

This project aims to study NODEjs and everything related to it: database, REST API, GRAPHQL, authentication, sessions, cookies, CRUD, MVC, Template engine and many others.
This is done through a simple e-shop project.
A Git branch has been created for each theme of the path in order to be able to observe the evolution of the project or simply choose the part that may be of interest to you.

---

### Installation

> Step by step

To Be Done

---

### Branches

> Discover project & code evolution by subject

- feature/2-Express :
  Create an application's skelethon
- feature/3-Template-Engine :
  Use EJS as tempalte engine to create dynamic HTML pages
- feature/4-MVC :
  Explore model-view-controller to create a better structure for your application
- feature/5-Enhancing-App :
  First refactor of your app
- feature/6-Dynamic-Routing :
  Create dynamic routing for your e-shop
- feature/7-SQL :
  Integrate SQL database, using first MySQL than convert with Sequelize ORM
- feature/8-Mongo_DB :
  Convert your application in a no-SQL project with MongoDB
- feature/9-Mongoose :
  Make use of MongoDB easier with Mongoose ODM (Object-Document Mapping) library
- feature/10-Cookies_Sessions :
  Store persistent data on user local machine using sessions and cookies

---

### Achievements

Explore the possibilities of Node js through a concrete e-shop project, including:

- Application management and routing with Express
- CRUD with MySQL database and Sequelize ORM
- CRUD with MongoDB nosql-database and Mongoose ODM
- Work with nested objects and refs with MongoDB & Mongoose
- Save data on user's computer using cookies and sessions
- (...)

---

### Collaboration

Hello, I'm [Nicolas](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicolas-denoel/), a computer science enthusiast who is in the middle of his reconversion as a developer.

After 15 years in the commercial sector as a manager and director, I decided to put this career on hold to devote myself fully to development.

Positive spirit, with an unquenchable thirst for learning, committed and structured, I like to take up challenges and always progress by giving the best of myself.
If you have a project, no matter how big or small, don't hesitate to share it, we always have to win by doing things alongside others.

After an intensive 7 month bootcamp at Becode where I was able to acquire the superpowers of a junior developer and an internship with the awesome team of [ØPP](http://opp.mx).
[ØPP](http://opp.mx) is a publisher of digital solutions (websites, applications, connected objects...) specialised in engagement techniques and gaming.

Now I am back on my study bench and I take advantage of each day that passes to refine, complete and increase my knowledge in order to find my next work team.

See you soon ! :heart:

### Timeline of my reconversion

[:calendar: Discover the great timeline of my adventure to become a developer. Want to write your company's name on it ? Let's meet !](https://timelines.gitkraken.com/timeline/2e12cc334eb0406b84bf7a6339e666c4?range=2020-05-26_2020-06-27)

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)
